# assignments
Fundamental concepts of programming:
A Computer is made up of a CPU(Central Processing Unit), Memory(RAM AND ROM), HDD(Hard Disk Drive), maybe a pre-installed operating system, and some external hardware components such as keyboard, mouse, screen/monitor. let's say if we want to write a program what we do here is give some input from a keyboard which will then port to a program file saved in a hard disk drive. For example, we want to write a go lang program, the first step we need to take care of is to install the go lang software/compiler in the system which will be helpful to compile the program we write. if we failed to do this step, the system wouldn’t understand how to compile the program that we were given to it. So, installing software would tell the computer to give that program to the software in whatever language it understands and execute the commands. Let's take another example, we have given some input from the keyboard to the browser(which is also a kind of a compiler), like saying download some distribution which will save to the hard disk maybe let's call it a compiler. let's open some code editor, write a code in it and save it in some place maybe on a desktop, that means it's saved in our system, which is saved in a hard drive. If we want to run this program we have to give some instructions to it, if you are in windows you can give it in the cmd prompt, but if you are in the macOS you can give it in a terminal. In both of these systems what we have to do is, go to that file by giving some commands and then give instructions from the keyboard, what we are saying is to take that program file and execute that file. When we give this command with a file name what is happening here is that we are giving a command to a compiler to take the file and execute it, that is a process happening in CPU. What the compiler does is convert the English written words to its understandable language which is a binary code, like converts to a binary file, that is the only language it understands, so the compiler does some processing and, returns the information to the English written language we use. 
Let's say we want to print some other code, we will update the code from the keyboard, which will go save in a hard drive, and we give a command to run the code, which will be taken by the compiler and then fetches that file, converts that file into binary format, give it to the CPU, CPU use that binary format and do some processing, sends back the response to the operating system, which finally print the output. The programming language could be anything but it needs the software that supports and we should make sure to download that software in the system.